Thank you for registering for the Autodesk Inventor workshop. In order for you to get the most out of the CAD stream, you will need to have a few things prepared before the event.

1. SOFTWARE: You must have the latest version of the Autodesk Inventor program installed (Autodesk Inventor 2016), BEFORE attending the class. Inventor is a large package to download (approx. 10-15GB), and we cannot guarantee that sufficient time or bandwidth will be available to download the program during the workshop.

Autodesk provides academics with a 3-year license of its software for free (educational use only). In order to get your free license, please register an account at (http://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/inventor-professional) after you have registered your account you can download Autodesk Inventor through the above link. Please contact us if you are having difficulties in installing the software.

2. HARDWARE: It is advised that you have a reasonably powered WINDOWS laptop for the event. The minimum and recommended machine specifications can be found here (https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/inventor-products/troubleshooting/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/System-requirements-for-Autodesk-Inventor-Products.html) 

For MAC users: You can install Autodesk Inventor on a Mac computer however it will need to be on a Windows partition. The system can use Apple Boot Camp to manage a dual OS configuration and meet the minimum system requirements. Autodesk Inventor Professional can also be used on the Mac via Parallels Desktop for Mac without having a boot directly into the Windows OS, so it is easy to switch between platforms. 

3. A three-buttoned mouse (with a mouse wheel) and laptop charger - we recommend bringing a standard three button mouse when using Autodesk Inventor. Though this is not compulsory, this will be the best tool when working with the graphical user interface. Please bring your laptop charger/AC adaptor as well.

4. Google Drive: When ready, you will be given access to the CAD curriculum via google drive. Please install google drive before the event (http://www.google.com.au/drive/).

5. Internet Connectivity:

University of Melbourne Students: Please make sure you can connect to the Uni-wireless network.

Other Australian tertiary institutions: Please make sure you can connect to the Eduroam network. 

Non-Australian tertiary institutions: Please contact research.bazaar@gmail.com so that we can arrange a wi-fi solution.

Please notify us if you are unable to attend this class. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us. I hope to see you all soon!
